[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
SWARMING ATTACK
[buzzing]
-[whoosh]
-[static zapping]
[TV beeps]
[tense music]
[electricity zapping]
[digital beeping]
[beeping rapidly]
[birds chirping]
[sighs, clicks tongue]
[Ulrich] Hello, is anyone there?
What?
[tense music]
[boy] Mrs. Hertz caught us red-handed.
She made us give up our cell phones.
[buzzing]
[tense music]
[increased buzzing]
[theme music]
[yawns]
Hey, you really look wiped out.
What did you do last night?
I worked on a little program;
an advanced research engine of sorts.
[grunts]
It's a... it's a browser,
which I'm trying to make
to help Aelita look
for more info on materialization
in the Lyoko towers.
Just imagine all the things
she's gonna learn when she gets here.
She's gonna be amazed.
I think about it all the time.
I can't wait for that day to come.
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-Yeah, it's gonna... It's gonna be great.
[footsteps approaching]
-Hi Ulrich.
-Hello.
[bell ringing]
Okay guys, it's time for us
to work up a sweat. So long, Yumi.
Yumi, wait I...
Yes?
I...
Are you okay?
Well, yeah. Why are you asking?
I just... just...
asked.
-See you later.
-Okay.
[Odd] Ulrich, move it, huh?
[light music]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Jeremy groans]
[birds chirping]
"Ulrich, I don't know
how to tell you this, so I'm writing it.
I've always admired you.
I've been wanting to tell you for ages,
but I didn't have the nerve.
Also, I wasn't a hundred percent sure.
But now, I am.
I love you. Yumi."
[laughing]
[Odd] Ulrich, watch out!
-[Ulrich groans]
-[whoosh]
Ulrich, are you okay?
[theme music]
[groans] How could that have happened?
Hey Ulrich, don't take this badly,
but your playing was kinda weird.
You can say that again. Why even Jeremy
was better than you today.
-My mind wasn't on the game. Lay off.
-No way.
We'll lay off as soon as
you tell us what's wrong.
It's just that... well,
I got this letter from a girl...
the kind of letter a girl sends
when she's...
He's in love!
[laughs]
Ulrich's in love!
That's the problem. I'm not in love.
I... I'm not sure I am.
I can't even manage to talk to her.
And can you tell us who the lucky lady is?
You've gotta be kidding!
I'm not telling anyone.
One more thing, not a word to Yumi.
I don't want this to get around.
[Odd grunts]
[grunts] Hey, Odd,
-did I really play better than him?
-[Odd grunts]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[light music]
[unintelligible chatter]
-[Odd] Milly or Tamiya?
-[Jeremy] No, they're too young.
[Odd] Claire?
-[Odd] Sandra?
-[Jeremy] No, no, much too young,
and they're so, you know,
they're... they're too uptight.
Emily! Hey, yeah, it's her!
Look, I'm an expert with girls.
She's pretty. She's the outdoors type.
-She's the one who flipped for him.
-[Yumi] Oh yeah?
[Yumi] Who has Emily flipped over?
[both grunt]
It's Jim. Emily's crazy about Jim.
[Yumi] Jim? You're kidding!
Well, they say that love is blind.
[snickering]
[stammers] Oh, I'm... I'm... sorry.
[grunts]
[birds chirping]
[Kiwi barking, panting]
[Kiwi sniffing loudly]
[barking]
[tense music]
[Kiwi whimpering]
Kiwi?
Who did that to you?
-[gasps]
-[buzzing]
Come on, run!
[panting]
[gasps]
-Kiwi...
-[Kiwi whimpering]
[Odd] He doesn't look well at all.
Do you think it's serious?
[Jeremy] Don't worry, Odd.
He'll be back on his feet in no time.
I mean, back on his paws.
[knock on door]
I brought some pills
and anti-venom compresses.
Thanks Yumi. Come in.
[Odd] This'll make you feel better.
[grunts] Yumi, come over here please.
I wanted to tell you something.
I did too.
They say Emily is in love with Jim.
[grunts] With Jim?
Odd told me all about it. Weird, huh?
[Odd chuckles]
I've got a class now. See you.
Hey, what's that all about?
I don't know.
[Ulrich] Then I heard this buzzing
coming from the trees.
[exhales heavily]
There must be dangerous insects up there.
Thanks for the information, Ulrich.
I'll take care of it.
-[tense music]
-[birds chirping]
[unintelligible chatter]
[Mr. Bennett yelling]
[shouting]
Help! Help! Get them off!
We'll try to attract them to us. Let's go!
[Mr. Bennett groaning]
[Jeremy]
We've gotta get him to the infirmary.
What about Ulrich?
He'll take care of them.
[panting]
-[groaning]
-[Yumi grunts]
[Yumi] That way! Hurry!
[buzzing]
[Ulrich and Yumi grunt]
[Yumi sighs, gasps]
Hey, you're... you're hurt, Yumi.
Oh... It's nothing serious, Ulrich.
Just a scratch.
[exhales heavily]
Huh?
[Yumi] I think we can go now.
[buzzing]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Well, Mr. Bennett was lucky.
One more bite and...
Yeah, that's right,
but he's still not in great shape.
The principal sent for help.
They're gonna get rid of the nest.
I don't know what you guys think, but I...
But you think it's XANA.
[groans] Come on. Cut it out.
Hornets' nests have always been around,
and accidents happen all the time.
You're right, but these hornets...
they were after us and nobody else.
Well, I say we check it out.
I'll try to contact Aelita.
I'm going back to class,
but keep me posted.
[Ulrich sighs]
Do you realize the damage
these bugs can cause?
There are thousands of them.
If XANA is in on this attack,
we could have a very serious problem.
-Don't you think so? Hello!
-[grunts] What?
[groans] Yeah, right...
I mean I don't know.
Ulrich, you wouldn't happen to have
a crush on this secret admirer of yours,
would you? Hmm, Ulrich?
-[Odd] Hmm?
-Yeah, you could be right.
-[Emily clears throat]
-[gasps]
What's all this about me
being in love with Jim?
[groans]
-[smack]
-[both groan]
[Emily] Start that rumor again
and even your dog won't recognize you!
[birds chirping]
[typing]
[whoosh]
-Aelita, do you read me?
-Loud and clear.
How are things in the real world?
We've got a problem,
and we think it might be XANA.
-Have you noticed anything?
-No.
At least here in the desert,
things are calm, but if you want,
I can check out the other regions.
Good idea.
And in the meantime, I'll run a scan
to see if there's an activated tower.
[ethereal music]
[sighs]
[digital scanning, beeping]
[groans]
[ethereal music]
[sighs]
-[whoosh]
-[echoing]
[chime tinkling]
[digital beeping]
[digital scanning]
-[alert beeping]
-There it is!
[whoosh]
Aelita, the scanner's spotted
an activated tower in the forest.
Okay, I'm in the forest now.
I'll try to find it.
I'll tell the others.
[phone rings]
[Jeremy] Alert!
XANA has activated a tower,
and Aelita's trying to find it, guys.
It looks as if something's up.
Jeremy wants us to go
to the factory right now.
-No. No, wait, Yumi.
-What?
I wanted to... to tell you something.
It's about your... about your letter.
Huh? But...
No, let me finish.
You said in the letter that...
that you had
certain feelings for me and...
[gasps]
I wanted you to know that...
that I feel the same thing for you.
There, I've said it.
But I never sent you any letter, Ulrich.
[Sissi, Herb and Nicolas laughing]
[Nicolas] Oh, that has got to hurt.
[Sissi] Kind of embarrassing
if you ask me.
[laughs]
[all laughing]
-Forget them. Don't worry.
-I don't care. Leave me alone!
[gasps]
But...
[snickers]
[action music]
[Odd grunts]
-No!
-[Odd gasps]
[buzzing]
Wow. Nice going, XANA!
Jeremy,
any suggestions would be very welcome.
[Jeremy] Get away as fast as we can?
-[tense music]
-[groaning]
-We're trapped!
-Hey, you got any other ideas?
Jump!
[coughing]
[buzzing]
Come on!
This is your idea?
Insects are very sensitive to smells.
They're not the only ones.
[Odd sniffs, groans in disgust]
-Hey, I think it worked!
-[Jeremy] Looks like it.
[Odd] What do you know!
[theme music]
-[Yumi] What's that smell?
-[Odd] Ask Jeremy!
We left you a message. Didn't you get it?
What do you think?
I didn't feel like checking my messages.
Look, I think we should talk.
I know what you're gonna tell me,
and I don't wanna hear it.
Ulrich, this is all on account of Sissi.
Don't you think I know that?
But because of her, I'm confused.
Every time I see you,
I don't what to think.
-[Ulrich] So just leave me alone, okay?
-[Yumi sighs]
He's losing it.
[powering up]
[Jeremy] Aelita, are you okay?
Yes. I found the activated tower,
but it's guarded. I can't access it.
Don't worry. Help is on the way.
[Ulrich grunts]
[Yumi sighs]
Hey guys, hold on a minute.
The bugs have blocked
the factory entrance,
and I would rather stay out of that sewer.
Don't worry, Odd.
I'm way ahead of you on this one.
[action music]
[buzzing]
Well, what's the deal?
[beeping, whirring]
Bingo!
Pretty clever, huh?
This thing generates ultrasounds
of about 30,000 hertz.
Like all insects,
hornets are capable of receiving...
Fascinating, but we don't have time,
so let's move!
[panting]
[gasps]
[groans]
[buzzing, whirring]
[firemen grunting]
[all gasping]
-[buzzing]
-[all shouting]
[menacing music]
-[fireman one] Get inside!
-[kids screaming]
[fireman two] Come on, hurry up!
[kids gasping]
Headquarters, we've got a problem.
We're at the junior high school. Right.
[beeping]
-[buzzing]
-[grunting]
[beeping powering down]
[Jeremy] Oh...
[grunts]
Your thing stopped. How come?
Battery's dead.
What?
-[Odd and Yumi] Hurry up!
-[buzzing]
-[tense music]
-[Aelita panting]
[all panting]
[mechanical clanking]
[gasping]
Okay, here we go.
[Jeremy] Aelita, do you read me?
We're on our way. Hang in there.
[Jeremy through computer]
No time to lose. To the forest.
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
Hurry! Hurry!
-[digital scanning, beeping]
-Scanner Odd.
[Jeremy] Scanner Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization.
[static zapping]
Come in, Aelita. Aelita, answer me!
-[action music]
-[digital beeping]
Oh no, this cannot be happening!
-[Jeremy] Do you see her?
-[Yumi] No, not yet.
Oh, talk about embarrassing situations,
I'm sure that Ulrich's not about to forget
this for a long time. What a genius I am!
[both gasp]
-[Sissi] You could say something!
-[Herb and Nicolas scream]
-[buzzing]
-[grunts]
[screams]
[all gasping, grunting]
-[Sissi groaning]
-[Herb] Wait up!
[buzzing]
[all panting]
[all gasping]
[digital scanning, beeping]
[alert beeping]
[Jeremy] Careful, three swarms
of hornets converging. Get ready!
[tense music]
[alert beeping]
[grunts]
[tense music]
Laser arrow!
[groans]
[Jeremy] Less than 20 life points left,
Yumi. Be careful, Odd!
[Jeremy] Odd, 80 life points left.
[groans]
Ulrich, what are you doing?
[Jeremy] Wake up, will you?
[screaming]
[kids crying]
[Jeremy]
Odd, two enemies at three o'clock!
Laser arrow!
[Yumi panting]
[Yumi] Aelita!
[panting]
[groans]
[gasps]
-[Yumi] Aelita! [groans]
-No, Yumi! Aelita!
Aelita, are you okay?
-Yes, I'm fine, Jeremy.
-[electricity zapping]
[Jeremy] Yumi, in front of you!
[grunts]
Yeah!
-[buzzing]
-[kids screaming and crying]
[gasps]
Watch it! They're coming back!
[alert beeping]
Yumi, you've only got 20 life points left!
[Yumi groans]
Ulrich, wake up!
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Odd, you have hardly
any life points left!
[panting]
Now!
[powering up]
[gasping]
Ulrich, are you with us or not?
I know you're unhappy,
but there's no reason to be.
Our friendship's stronger than that,
right?
[Yumi] You can't let Sissi's dirty tricks
break us up, can you?
So forget all about that, please.
We need your help.
You two head for the tower.
[Ulrich] I'll take care of them.
[grunts]
[Ulrich yells]
Well, it's about time.
[screaming]
[panting]
[grunts]
[Yumi and Aelita grunting]
Triangulate!
[grunts]
Impact!
[grunts, sighs]
[buzzing]
[grunts]
-[Yumi groans]
-[Aelita] Yumi!
-[Jeremy] Oh no!
-[Odd] Go on, Aelita!
[grunts]
Impact!
[Jeremy] Ulrich, you're the greatest!
-[buzzing]
-[kids screaming]
[kids crying]
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[screaming]
[buzzing]
[digital scanning, beeping]
[groans] Get away! No! No!
[computer blipping]
-[groaning]
-[buzzing stops]
[powering down]
[powering up]
Return to the past now!
[rapid rewind whirring]
[light music]
[grunts]
Hi.
[grunts] I was just passing by and I...
[chuckles]
[grunts]
What do you know!
-Let's see now.
-It's a...
Well, that's a pretty
embarrassing situation, don't you think?
[stammers]
I... This wasn't the right door
[chuckles]
It sure isn't. Why not give it
to Nicolas or to Herb?
-They'd be delighted!
-[Ulrich and Yumi laugh]
[light music]
[buzzing]
[theme music]